Add link to pixijselementals.com to "Learn" section in main page of PixiJS readme (#8581)
pixijs/pixijs: README.md

### Learn ###
- Website: Find out more about PixiJS on the [official website](https://www.pixijs.com/).
- Getting started:
    - Check out @kittykatattack's comprehensive [tutorial](https://github.com/kittykatattack/learningPixi).

>     - also check out @miltoncandelero tutorial with PixiJS recipes, best practices and typescript setup [here](https://www.pixijselementals.com/)

Reviewer: Small punctuation changes
```suggestion
    - Also check out @miltoncandelero's tutorials with PixiJS recipes, best practices and TypeScript setup [here](https://www.pixijselementals.com/)
```

>     - Also check out @miltoncandelero's tutorials with PixiJS recipes, best practices and TypeScript setup [here](https://www.pixijselementals.com/)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Also check out @miltoncandelero's PixiJS tutorials aimed toward videogames with recipes, best practices and TypeScript / npm / webpack setup [here](https://www.pixijselementals.com/)
```

Author: @miltoncandelero @bigtimebuddy  WDYT?

Reviewer: LGTM
